Feat: OAS validation plugin (#537)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/oas-validation/index.md

| Response body                   | `application/json`             | -                                                                        |
| Request parameters              | `path`<br>`query`<br>`header`<br>`cookie` | -                                                             |
| Schema                          | `allOf`<br>`oneOf`<br>`anyOf`  | -                                                                        |
| Parameter serialization         | `style`<br>`explode `          | -                                                                        |

## Using Event Hooks with OAS Validation

[Event Hooks](/gateway/entities/event-hook/) are outbound calls from {{site.base_gateway}}. 
With Event Hooks, {{site.base_gateway}} can communicate with target services or resources, letting the target know that an event was triggered. 

For the OAS Validation plugin, Event Hook events can be enabled when a validation fails for:
* All request parameters, including: URI, header, query parameters, and request body
* The response body from the upstream service

> For example, to configure an Event Hook for the OAS Validation plugin:
> ```sh
> curl -i -X POST http://localhost:8001/event-hooks/ \
>   --header "Accept: application/json" \
>   --header "Content-Type: application/json" \
>   --data '
>     {
>       "source": "oas-validation",
>       "event": "validation-failed",
>       "handler": "webhook",
>       "on_change": true,
>       "config": {
>         "url": "$WEBHOOK_URL"
>       }
>     }
>     '
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to configure an Event Hook for the OAS Validation plugin:
{% entity_example %}
type: event_hook
data:
  source: "oas-validation"
  event: "consumers"
  handler: "webhook"
  on_change: true
config:
      "url": "$WEBHOOK_URL"
{% endentity_example %}
```

Will this work?

Author: Event hooks can't be configured using decK.

If validation fails, the webhook URL receives a response with JSON payload, which includes the forwarded IP address, Gateway Service and Consumer information, and the error message.

Here's a sample response:
```json
{
"ip": "10.0.2.2",
"source": "oas-validation",
"err": "query 'status' validation failed with error: 'required parameter value not found in request'",
"event": "validation-failed",
"service": {
    "ws_id": "7eebecc0-064e-4890-99cf-0c816280a68e",
    "enabled": true,
    "retries": 5,
    "read_timeout": 60000,
    "protocol": "https",
    "id": "6792ec72-67b2-4960-96b1-e7564dda3178",
    "connect_timeout": 60000,
    "name": "petstore-service",
    "port": 443,
    "host": "petstore.swagger.io",
    "updated_at": 1649391578,
    "path": "/v2/",
    "write_timeout": 60000,
    "created_at": 1647993371
},
"consumer": {}
}
```

> {:.no-copy-code}

Reviewer: I don't feel strongly about this but do you think it is necessary to have this response body? Could we just list the parameters like in your first paragraph?
